Add to joint templates: a toggle if a joint is Handed or not. Some joint designs may be fully symmetrical and defined from the center line. In that case applying them can be a simple rotation or mirror.

Add support for joints with more parts, like the wedge in a tusk tenon, or a wedged half-dovetail.

Add support for angled shoulders on perpendicular intersections.

Add support for angled joints on angled intersections.

Add Duplicate tool to create an exact copy of a timber with all dims pre-filled except the name.

Name vs. Internal Name in the Tree's Model column: is Internal name the persistent name that is actually tracked in the code? Right now it's just Body00n sequentially numbered. Can we use it for something more useful or descriptive? 

Right now our naming convention is a bit hard to search visually in a list. I might want to spell out more of the information, like Post001-B1 and Beam012-B2

Tool: click to place a landing frame on one timber, then a second landing frame on another timber. During the operation they are connected by a visible line. When the second landing frame is placed, a timber is generated at the length and angle of the line, and joints populate the two landing frames. A 2-click beam. Might need to constrain the angle depending on the joint (current MT must be perpendicular but want angled joints in future).

Preview joint: have a slider to increase and decrease the distance between the landing frame and the mating frame, to visually slide the timber in and out to check alignment?


Can a bent be a group or have a wrapper that keeps members together in the tree and allows them to be selected and transformed together? A major use case will be to build an assembled bent and then duplicate it - as assembled - to drag out multiple bays of a building. 

Right now, all the duplicates are created overlapping at the world origin. It's ok for now since we haven't assembled yet, but it would be better to duplicate in the same relative positions as the originals, and ask how far to offset them and in which direction.  Especially after assembly.

Longer-term, thinking forward to assembly, can we use the same mechanics that preview mated joints to assemble them automatically into a FreeCAD-compatible Assembly, directly in BentWizard?